I came here because I need a job so if
you could just type my info on your
computer something in upper management
would be great I'm literally on the
verge of having to move back in with my
parents and I don't want to do that I
got nothing for you
moving back in with your parents right
now doesn't sound like such a bad idea I
don't know how to say this without
sounding terrible but you're the worst
items counselor ever it was a scarf your
father and I were wondering if we could
buy you a couple new outfits for your
stage we recognize you're more European
approach to fashion well dad I'm good
you okay
you seemed flustered next time you
interrupt a mother sucker my dick it's
nothing 15 or 20 drinks won't fix I used
to take the bus to school with this kid
he used to be fatter than [ __ ]
you remember medium Becca Thompson
Raymond hmm I'm not have to ask you to
stop staring at my tits I've experienced
it firsthand I used to see ghosts
regularly and then just suddenly it
stopped give an amazing gift don't you
pursue a career in the paranormal I only
came here to warn you there is an evil
spirit lurking on your property good
luck
this got me up and out of hairy
situations I was supposed to communicate
with the dead we have to follow specific
rules you [ __ ] kidding me they look
like a Klan member
your father gave the skeleton to me that
makes it a donation but it doesn't
belong to you there's nothing I can do
to help persuade to you him what about
him
what about me